# SoftwareDevelopmentLifeCycle

For this project, I was able to preview the roles on a scrum team. This really allowed me to get a better understanding of how companies use agile methodologies and how that benefits them. To interpret the user needs and implement them into a program, I held a customer focus group as well as discussion with stakeholders and marketing groups. This helped in understanding what our customers want from us as well as what our primary stakeholders would like from us. The marketing team was able to provide market research that would help us determine what customer trends will be moving towards. Once this was done, I was able to create user stories for each task that we would like to implement. This allowed the team to divide and conquer. We could all work on separate tasks and ensure the end user got what they wanted. 

In the future, when developing programs I would like to incorporate the user story. This really helped me organize myself and understand the level of priority each job required. It will help me be a better software developer and ensure I meet my deadlines. To be a good team member, I have to make sure I am respectful, honest, and complete my work within the deadline. If I am not respectful, that will make our relationship more hostile and not fun. If I am not honest, I am not only hurting myself but also my team, company, and customer. If I do not complete my work within the deadline, I am putting my company and team at risk to getting negative feedback and potentially losing a customer. I will stribe to do my best and follow the industry's best practices. 
